{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Untold Stories of Historic Personages in Conservation and Natural History
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2  
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Question Template
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 BIOGRAPHICAL QUESTIONS
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Full Name: 
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Gender: 
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Birth
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : Date and location
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Death:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Date and location
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Childhood:\'a0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Where did the subject grow up? Rural or urban area? What was the Subjects\'92 early family life like? Was their family religious? What was their families\'92 education level? Did the subject come from a family of scientists? What did the subject\'92s parents do?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Education
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0What level of formal education did the subject have?\'a0Where did the subject attend school? Girls\'92 schools? \'a0Public schools? \'a0University? \'a0What inspired the subject to study their scientific field of interest?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Personal Life
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : What was the personal life of the subject? \'a0How did their personal life impact the career and work of the subject? Was the subject in love? Did the subject have a spouse? Children? Did the subject have to break away from expectations of family life?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Mentors
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0Did the subject have mentors? At university, in science, or life more broadly?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Professional life
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0(inside and outside of the museum): What kind of work did the subject do early on in their career? How did the subject get involved in science? \'a0How did the subject eventually get involved at the institution and how long did they work there for? \'a0What department(s) did the subject work in? Was the subject paid for their work or were they a volunteer?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Field of Interest
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : What was the subject passionate about? Why was the subject interested in a particular field such as anthropology, ornithology, herpetology, etc.? How can we describe the subject\'92s passion for the research, fieldwork, and/ or museum work?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Conservation Achievements
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : How was the subject\'92s work related to conservation? What are the conservation impacts of the subject\'92s work?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Adversity
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0What may have stood in the way of the subject pursuing science? Sexism? Classism? Racism?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Other Successes
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0What successes did the subject achieve in science? What awards or recognitions, if any, did the subject receive?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Publications
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : What papers or books did the subject publish?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Memberships
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : What groups or associations was the subject affiliated with?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Ethics
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0Did the subject have a particular set of ethics that impacted their life and work? \'a0Did the subject have to make any ethical decisions about their work in science?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Continued Life Events & Death
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0How did the subject fare at the museum over time? What was the longevity of the subject\'92s science career and interests? Any significant events affecting the subject later in life? How did the subject pass away?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Personal Interests
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : Did the subject have personal interests of note outside of their work in science?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Other Interesting Details
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 : \'a0Any particularly fascinating/ interesting stories either of a personal or public nature in the subject\'92s life?
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
}